Setup bors-ng (#20)
collabora/bmap-rs: CONTRIBUTING.md

> ([GitHub issues](https://github.com/collabora/bmap-rs/issues)).

Reviewer: while we are editing, remove the outer brackets here

- Code: Managed on [GitHub](https://github.com/collabora/bmap-rs) through

>   Pull Requests ([PR](https://github.com/collabora/bmap-rs/pulls)).

Reviewer: while we are editing, remove the outer brackets here

- All PRs should pass CI before being merged.

> - Mainainers should not press merge on github, instead they should write `bors r+` 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Maintainers should not press merge on a pull request, instead they should write `bors r+` 
```
